API Generator: Use correct type for `where` when `getFindCondition` service method is not used (#1436)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fair-clouds-poke.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": patch
---

> api generator: use correct type for where when findCondition is not used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Use correct type for `where` when `getFindCondition` service method is not used
```
